KOGITO-5170 - Allow using environment variables to define connection … (#3574)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/configuration/chap-kogito-configuring.adoc

* `millis`: This parameter is used to control the waiting time for the application to respond to each executed query. The default value of `millis` is `10000`.
--

> Alternatively, you can define the connection properties via environment variables. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can define the connection properties using the environment variables as shown in the following example:
```

.Environment variables to enable PostgreSQL persistence
[source]
------
export PGUSER=kogito-user
export PGPASSWORD=kogito-pass
export PGDATABASE=kogito
------

> For more information about the full list of supported variables visit https://vertx.io/docs/vertx-pg-client/java/#_environment_variables[vertx-pg-client].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the full list of supported variables, see https://vertx.io/docs/vertx-pg-client/java/#_environment_variables[vertx-pg-client].
```
